pulzdddd

http://www.residentadvisor.net/submit-event.aspx
cron job, ruby worker to check for updates
simple form documentation
twitter bootstrap

Look up 5 websites/apps where Pulsd events can be reposted. Write code to automate this
syndication process.
The end product should have an admin panel to add new posts to database and in the
backend there should be a process e.g. cron job, ruby worker etc which checks database for
new entries at a given interval, say once every hour, and in case of new entry, takes all new
data and syndicates it to all the 5 websites that you looked up earlier.
You may create any tables (such as products etc.) and fields (such as product_name,
product_description, product_price etc.) in database as per requirement.
● Make assumptions as needed.
● Write down all the assumptions you make in your final report.
● You may use any programming languages and tools.
● You have 48 hours to submit your project after receiving this email.
● Git repository is preferred method to submit project but not necessary.
● You may use any hosting, e.g. free tier on AWS etc, to host your project for demo if
needed.

add nice form
add preview of posts for each platform after save, with option to edit/update

twitter
facebook - maybe need to oauth first?
blog? - wordpress or tumblr?
craigslist
pinterest
#hack form in instagram and 

https://www.tumblr.com/docs/en/api/v2

/post — Create a New Blog Post
Method
URI HTTP Method Authentication
api.tumblr.com/v2/blog/{base-hostname}/post POST  OAuth
Request Parameters
These parameters are used for /post, /post/edit and /post/reblog methods.

All Post Types
Parameter Type  Description Default Required?
type  String  The type of post to create. Specify one of the following:  text, photo, quote, link, chat, audio, video text  Yes
state String  The state of the post. Specify one of the following:  published, draft, queue, private  published No
tags  String  Comma-separated tags for this post  None  No
tweet String  Manages the autotweet (if enabled) for this post: set to off for no tweet, or enter text to override the default tweet  None  No
date  String  The GMT date and time of the post, as a string  The date and time of the POST request No
format  String  Sets the format type of post. Supported formats are: html & markdown  html  No
slug  String  Add a short text summary to the end of the post URL Dynamically generated if enabled on the blog  No
